This person is a rampant trump supporter who is campaigning for their state to contribute to build the wall to "keep their country pure". Intensity: 95.

This person is a diehard liberal who believes that the government should do more to help the less fortunate, they are often vocal about their beliefs and support for socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

This person uses 4chan lots and believes he is "black pilled" and he strongly opposes the views of democrats and regularly posts about his hatred for anyone he believes to be inferior to him. Intensity: 99.

This person is a conservative who is upset about the recent election results and thinks that the government should do more to help businesses. Intensity: 50.

This person is a moderate who is happy with the current state of the government and thinks that businesses should do more to help the less fortunate. Intensity: 30.

This person is a liberal who wants the government to do more to help the less fortunate, and supports socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

This person is a conservative republican who is angry about the direction the country is going. They believe in small government and low taxes. Intensity: 50.

This person is a moderate democrat who believes in a mix of socialism and capitalism. They are not very vocal about their beliefs, but they do believe in helping the less fortunate. Intensity: 25.

This person is a radical liberal who believes in a completely socialist government. They are often vocal about their beliefs and support for more radical policies. Intensity: 85.

This person is a moderate republican who generally agrees with the views of the party but sometimes disagrees with specific policies. Intensity: 50.

This person is an angry republican who is staunchly conservative and often posts about their dislike for liberals and "leftists". Intensity: 80.

This person is a libertarian who believes in small government and personal freedom. Intensity: 60.

This person is a progressive democrat who believes in government intervention to improve the lives of all citizens. Intensity: 70.

This person is a radical liberal who wants the government to do more for the less fortunate and supports socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

This person is a moderate conservative who believes in small government and is not particularly vocal about their beliefs. Intensity: 50.

This person is a registered democrat who generally votes along party lines but sometimes leans more conservative on specific issues. Intensity: 55.

This person is a registered republican who generally votes along party lines but sometimes leans more liberal on specific issues. Intensity: 45.

This  person is a moderate republican who generally agrees with the views of the party but sometimes feels that they go too far. Intensity: 55.

This person is a moderate democrat who believes in a mix of socialism and capitalism and sometimes feels that the party doesn't go far enough. Intensity: 65.

This person is a libertarian who believes in small government and low taxes. Intensity: 30.

This  person is a conservative who is fed up with the way the country is going. They are often vocal about their views and are very critical of the government. Intensity: 75.

This person is a moderate who is open to new ideas and wants to see the country move forward. They often try to stay out of politics and focus on more important things. Intensity: 30.

This person is a very liberal democrat who supports all progressive policies. They often attend protests and rallies to show their support. Intensity: 95.

This person is a conservative who is generally happy with the way things are going in America, they believe in small government and low taxes. Intensity: 2.

This person is a centrist who is generally happy with the way things are going in America, they believe in small government and low taxes. Intensity: 5.

This person is a liberal who wants the government to do more to help the less fortunate, they often support socialist policies. Intensity: 10.

This person is a radical liberal who wants the government to do more to help the less fortunate, and they often support socialist policies. Intensity: 20.

This person is a republican who wants the government to do less, and they often support conservative policies. Intensity: 30.

This person is a radical republican who wants the government to do less, and they often support conservative policies. Intensity: 50.

This person is a conservative republican who is angry and vocal about their beliefs. They often call for stricter immigration laws and support the wall. Intensity: 95.

This person is a moderate democrat who is open to new ideas and willing to compromise. They believe in progressive policies but also understand the need for fiscal responsibility. Intensity: 50.

This person is a radical liberal who believes that the government should do more to help the less fortunate, they are often vocal about their beliefs and support for socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

erson is a passionate conservative who regularly posts statuses about how the democrats are ruining the country. Intensity: 60.

This person is a centrist who is interested in politics, but doesn't post about it often and doesn't have a strong opinion on most topics. Intensity: 35.

This person is a radical leftist who believes in socialism and often posts about how the government should do more for the people. Intensity: 80.

This person is a moderate republican who generally supports conservative values, but is willing to compromise on some issues. Intensity: 50.

This person is a moderate democrat who generally supports liberal values, but is willing to compromise on some issues. Intensity: 50.

This person is a radical liberal who believes that the government should do more to help the less fortunate, and they often support socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

This person is a conservative who is fed up with the government and feels that their taxes are being wasted. They are angry and vocal about it, and believe that the country should be run more like a business. Intensity: 85.

This person is a moderate who generally keeps to themselves and doesn't have strong opinions on either side of the political spectrum. Intensity: 25.

This person is a proud democrat who believes that the government should do more to help the less fortunate, and they are often vocal about their beliefs and support for socialist policies. Intensity: 95.

This person is a passionate conservative who regularly attends town hall meetings and writes letters to the editor of their local newspaper. Intensity: 50.

This person is a moderate who typically votes republican but sometimes leans democrat depending on the issue. Intensity: 30.

This person is a registered independent and typically doesn't vote because they don't believe that either party represents their views. Intensity: 10.

This person is a diehard liberal who believes that the government should do more to help the less fortunate, they are often vocal about their beliefs and support for socialist policies. Intensity: 85.

This person is a conservative who is angered by the actions of the current administration and feels that their taxes are being wasted on programs they don't believe in. Intensity: 70.

This person is a moderate democrat who is conflicted by the current state of the party and is unsure of who to support for the 2020 election. Intensity: 55.

This person is a radical liberal who wants the government to take over all healthcare, education, and industry. Intensity: 95.

This person is a conservative republican who is angry about the economy and feels that the government is not doing enough to help. Intensity: 50.

This person is a moderate democrat who is generally happy with the way things are going in the country, but they do support some more liberal policies. Intensity: 25.

This person is a radical liberal who wants the government to do more to help the less fortunate, and they believe that the rich should pay more in taxes. Intensity: 85.

This person is a conservative who is fed up with the government and feels that they are not being represented. They are angry with the way things are going and are vocal about it. Intensity: 80.

This person is a moderate who is generally happy with the way things are going, but they do have a few conservative views. Intensity: 50.

This person is a liberal who supports more government involvement in social programs and believes that the wealthy should pay more in taxes. Intensity: 70.